{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12520\viewh14080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
prints \'93
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 How old are you?  Type in number of years, then press enter.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \'94\
\
Save the age\
\
prints \'93
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 How much do you weigh?  Enter weight in pounds, then press enter.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \'94\
\
Save the weight\
\
prints \'93
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 What is your height?  Enter height in feet on one line, then inches on the next line.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 For example, if you are 5 feet 8 inches, enter\
5\
8\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \'94\
\
Save the feet\
Save the inches\
\
prints \'93
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 Are you male or female?  Enter 'm' for male or 'f' for female.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \'94\
\
Save the input (\'91m\'92 or \'91f\'92)\
\
prints \'93
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 Please look at the activity levels listed below.  Then enter the number that\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 corresponds to the activity level you are closest to on a weekly basis.\
1) Sedentary		(little or no exercise, desk job)\
2) Lightly Active	(light exercise/sports 1-3 days/wk)\
3) Mod. Active		(moderate exercise/sports 3-5 days/wk)\
4) Very Active		(hard exercise/sports 6-7 days/wk)\
5) Extr. Active		(hard daily exercise/sports & physical job or)\
				 2 X day training, marathon, football camp, contest, etc.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \'94\
\
Saves activity level\
\
prints results\
\
prints \'93
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 Would you like to calculate calories again?  Enter 'y' for yes or 'n' to quit.\'94\
\
if the user enters \'91y\'92, the program loops back to the first question.\
if the user enters \'92n\'92, the program quits immediately}